Create modify-harness-delegate-kubernetes-api-client-timeout.md (#2255)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/kubernetes/cd-kubernetes-category/modify-harness-delegate-kubernetes-api-client-timeout.md

---
title: Modify Harness delegate's Kubernetes API client timeout

> description: Modify the read and connection timeouts for Kubernetes API client within Harness delegate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Modify the read and connection timeouts for Kubernetes API client within Harness Delegate.
```

sidebar_position: 10
---

> Harness delegate uses Kubernetes java client to make programmatic API calls to the provided Kubernetes server. For example, some common API calls include various CRUD calls for Kubernetes objects like ConfigMaps, Secrets etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harness Delegate uses Kubernetes Java client to make programmatic API calls to the Kubernetes server. For example, some common API calls include various REST API calls for CRUD operations for Kubernetes objects like ConfigMaps, Secrets, and so on.
```

## Configuration

> The API client uses a okhttp client whose default [read timeout](https://square.github.io/okhttp/4.x/okhttp/okhttp3/-ok-http-client/-builder/read-timeout/) and [connect timeout](https://square.github.io/okhttp/4.x/okhttp/okhttp3/-ok-http-client/-builder/connect-timeout/) values are set to 120 and 60 seconds respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API client uses an OkHttp client whose default [read timeout](https://square.github.io/okhttp/4.x/okhttp/okhttp3/-ok-http-client/-builder/read-timeout/) and [connect timeout](https://square.github.io/okhttp/4.x/okhttp/okhttp3/-ok-http-client/-builder/connect-timeout/) values are set to 120 and 60 seconds respectively.
```

These values can be configured using environment variables, modifying the delegate's container environment. Values should be specified in SECONDS. 

The environment variables for these timeouts are:

>  - Read timeout: `K8S_API_CLIENT_READ_TIMEOUT`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Read timeout: `K8S_API_CLIENT_READ_TIMEOUT`.
```

>  - Connect timeout: `K8S_API_CLIENT_CONNECT_TIMEOUT`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Connect timeout: `K8S_API_CLIENT_CONNECT_TIMEOUT`.
```
